Initial Track Docs (#30)
exercism/wasm: docs/INSTALLATION.md

# Installation

This track relies on [Node.js][web-nodejs] throughout to provide a runtime for WebAssembly.
This means that we assume all execution of JavaScript on your computer will happen using [Node.js][web-nodejs].

## Track Requirements

> Many machines come pre-installed with [Node.js][web-nodejs] or might have been installed previously, or as a dependency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many machines come pre-installed with [Node.js][web-nodejs] (or it might have already been installed).
```

So before we do anything, we should check if it's already installed:

1. Open up a _terminal_ (`Terminal`, `cmd`, `Powershell`, `bash`, ...)

> 1. `node -v`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run `node -v`
```

If [Node.js][web-nodejs] is installed, a version is displayed.
Write this version down.
If [Node.js][web-nodejs] is _not_ installed, an error will be written out.
Usually, something along the lines of `'node' is not recognised`.

## Node.js

### If Node.js is pre-installed

Browse to [the Node.js website][web-nodejs].
It will display _two_ versions (if it detects your OS. Otherwise, select your OS first).
If your `node -v` version matches one of these, you're good.
If it doesn't, we recommend that you use Node.js LTS.
If you're worried upgrading might break something on your system, you can continue as if everything is fine;

> we might not be able to provide support when something unexpected happens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
we might not be able to provide support when something unexpected happens though.
```

### If Node.js is not installed

There are a couple of ways to install [Node.js][web-nodejs]:

- via an [Installer or Binary][web-nodejs-download]
- via a [package manager][web-nodejs-package]

Both options support Windows, macOS, and Linux. If you don't know what to do, using an installer is the easiest.

- We recommend using the **LTS** version. This is also indicated as _recommended_ on the [Node.js][web-nodejs] website "for most users".
- Follow the instructions on the webpage and/or during the installer and install [Node.js][web-nodejs].

## Testing the installation

After the installer is done, or the package manager has completed, or the binary has been copied and the instructions have been followed, it's good to test if everything is alright.

1. Open up a _terminal_ (`Terminal`, `cmd`, `Powershell`, `bash`, ...)

> 1. `node -v`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Run `node -v`
```
